one's ready no way for them to start
moving what do you think I mutters keep
up stock Terry swoosh please okay and
while you're in
word
I don't want Amelia that's fucking Jay
just gets him now be careful manner just
in case
we use a better boss so that's awesome
go bad your rally car are did it nice
huh no that's done come up
fuck even happen to me I don't know did
you stand in an orange thing I don't
think let's focus
you
that on boss
the last forever we have to save the
tank so what else can die I just
rotating don't hit anything
Thanks that Reza right market is the
wrong side shit
it's her familiar take one of your
volunteer gonna fail or damaging
thanks hey good job good job spread out
for this one guys it's great to watch
the arrow
gonna drop bombs for a set attack right
now separate tank is coming outside
green get ready to get back to it does
entail chummy I moved a little bit
watch out watch out splashing I should
stay here I'll move it again run
careful put of our lines nice x ones are
do yoga x 1 Jersey y'all hear you listen
except your Chi yellow line up line up
guys good good smash moving away from
Bob tank is out to read and near it
million for Simon's up
we didn't get many up top Megan Lee has
like two of us let's go down corner fuck
arrows guy zeros good can we start on to
me going to yellow and this is where I'm
at yes court let's stay spread going
yellow on this
i got'em
we can jump down thirty-five percent
stay spread out for spread legs and fail
you have x-ray that's greater on top
it's a tank let's stay on the boss
download this right off the end about
pushing in three person here top I'll
top it off everyone's got to be over 50
standing your loan is it cool down if
you have to I did pushing up
good i'm gonna fox no mistakes a calm
you're right stack-on is a so if you
don't have anything bombs left bombs
bombs up data state of states i'll make
sure your paw again feeling through sac
on blue guys on blue re-tighten I'm I
remover to move up little move up I
don't put it we doin else Oh hiding cord
you got a pulse you don't have it I have
it other than bombs i'm eating core
garment bombs left guys okay that's good
stack up I remember how stuff okay stack
behind me behind the blue market good
I'll take it datings he'll call me here
wash and peel parallels control I'm
stack on people bombs next I got it go
left
appeared in
point a little work point pillow right
there is step forward general I'm going
to see and we might go on fire watch up
he'll just gonna be in fire sta sta
he'll turn aids take pauses graphic or
grab a crabhammer want a movement so we
get knocked away
I'm just going to die it I'm just going
at it no one no one side no exact marks
Jack you got a fucking job fucking
finally just awesome yeah Cup you have a
mask you later by the way hey Bradley
there's some pants
hey it's the black hand